Feat/alert capabilities (#28630)
demisto/content: Packs/Intezer/ReleaseNotes/1_6_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Intezer v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py3-tools:1.0.0.67089*.
- Added support for alert commands: 
  - intezer-submit-alert
  - intezer-submit-suspected-phishing-email
  - intezer-get-alert-result

> - added 'related-alert-ids' param to 'intezer-analyze-by-file' command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a 'related-alert-ids' parameter to 'intezer-analyze-by-file' command.
```

Author: Done
